welcome guys are a video of my videos
and this time I'll show the tutorial of
how to install popkins weapons mod for
Minecraft two point zero point zero so
to begin with we have to download the
mod and the materials that we need to
get the smarts to work so click on
downloads and the first thing we can
download is the mod itself so click on
it and now we wait five seconds
so now we press on skip ads and there we
go we have it right there just loud
alright so the second thing we need to
download is the modloader so also open
it and scroll down a little bit more and
download I recommend you guys to
download from s fly to support the honor
of this mods but since I'm trying to
make this video a little bit shorter so
we don't place your time i'm getting
downloads from directs all right and
there we have it so now we have to
download also minecraft forge i have i
said that right it's also click on it
it's called a little bit more and there
we have it we can download with from
mediafire now wait a little bit
and we click it download
and there is Dominic all right so now we
had everything set and now let's get to
the installation so over here is
supposed to have three files which is
weapons mod minecraft forge and muddler
i also download before twenty islands so
in the end of the video i can like to
run the game of proof that my video
works and i'm going to do like game play
a little bit for this mod alright so it
with the downloads folder our sides and
go to run
okay and you can have to type up data
and click OK and there is the Minecraft
folder so open its open the pin and
right click on minecraft and open with
winrar excuse me alright so now the
first thing I do is that it will delete
the mirror and full file if you don't
lead ringing your plastic a black screen
or something like that yeah so after is
late we install modloader so open it and
off select everything and move it to
Minecraft up jar right you close it and
now we install a minecraft forge so
sorry open it you also select everything
and move it to minecraft.jar all right
and now they'll last but not least the
orphans might so open its open the files
for mods folder MC forge and move
Portland's month-to-month held a jar and
open what web leads one-zip after a
minute select everything in it and movie
to Minecraft Doge are also alright so
close it close this too alright so now
I'm gonna install toomanyitems like I
said before to prove to you that my
video works with a little bit of
gameplay you don't have to install
toomanyitems but if you want to do it
you can do it if you you know alright so
now everything sets and I'll try the
game let's open minecraft login
right
so my computer looks low when i'm
recording see as you can see the gaming
flag and start normally let's make a new
world is getting tickets
alright so now let's give it a shot
all right there we go scan the flag is
making a new world the trial act to
lower the video saying let's make it
normal this on alright so I hope this
mid Szilagyi it's the trial again and
let's make it short or tiny make it fast
all right that that's fine I guess all
right so that's this doing it as you can
as you can see and there wait yeah
there's them weapons mod to try the
crossbow I try some of its arrows
crossbow bolt 1st we said it then we aim
and shoot it's basically one hit kill
for the animals and try it on the mobs
yet but I'd like this mod pretty much
all right so also any many shoots
alright guys thank you for watching and
I hope that gameplay prove to you that
my video works and up to date and if you
get like black screen or sound like bath
maybe you forgot to play the mirror and
profile and it's keep showing up try it
like through reinstall them on so I hope
you enjoyed this video I thank you for
watching and see you later